I will show you step-by-step exactly how
to unlock your BlackBerry phone but time
that you've done this process you will
have an unlocked phone then you can use
on any GSM network in the world this
process will work with any blackberry
8300 series including the 8310 a320
curve any 8700 series and the BlackBerry
88 180 820
the owner won't work with this 8100 and
that's because the keyboard is different
on it than this but it is actually just
as simple to work with the 8100 okay so
I'm assuming that you've got your unlock
code if you don't go to
www.carmensognonvi.com/newsletter
advanced options click on Advanced
Options go through for sim card click on
sim card okay now I'm going to type in
mepd Michael admin Peter David you won't
actually see it up here on the screen
that's kind of the tricky part here now
you'll notice a personalization menu
you'll notice that your network is
active if your network is disabled that
means your phone's already unlocked if
you're positive that means that you need
to go to global marcom to get a unlock
code in order to unlock your phone ok
and next step is again you want to see
this in your phone mep michael edmund
peter also - and by the way you'll get
the instructions with your lock code so
you don't have to memorize all this I
make it easy for you and now you'll
enter the unlock code which is four
eight nine one two three one five now
once you've done that hit the button in
the center of the phone and watch what
happens
code accepted so that means that your
phone is unlocked and you also notice
that your network is disabled now the
congratulations you've now got a brand
new black great unlocked phone you can
put any SIM card into this phone there's
a lot of other things you can do as well
and if you want to find out more
information again go to
www.carmensognonvi.com/newsletter
blackberry for